[ Start Time:3.68 End Time:142.19 ]
Adil Keku Gazder: Okay, so we're here to talk about our solution which reinvents the contact book for the AI age. Currently, there is an app on your phone which hasn't been revamped since the phone was created many decades ago, which is the Contacts app. We're here to change literally that. The problem we're trying to solve is people currently are being lost in the noise. They're using tools that have evolved but don't really solve a problem, and that results in broken relationships. So we were inspired by Rockefeller's Rolodex, where he used to take detailed notes about his contacts, personal life, such as the pet's name, their family information, so on and so forth. This really helped him foster meaningful connections. That's exactly what we want to do in the AI era, which is why we invented the agentic Rolodex. This is something that organizes your conversations, analyzes them, kind of builds Persona maps for your contacts. This helps you deliver meaningful insights and create connections that go more than a surface level. This is a massive market opportunity. It's about 69 billion, with 850 million users on LinkedIn. These we consider as a proxy for people who are actually interested in networking and furthering their career and believe would benefit strongly from this. We've also positioned this as a tool for not just individuals, but enterprises as well, where we could integrate with a suite of tools that the enterprise uses, like Microsoft Teams Zooms, to kind of supplement that contextual information. We also have an inbuilt feature where it scours the public net for available information to help provide additional contextual information specifically for individual users. Currently, our solution parses these conversations, generates these insights, enriches these automatic profiles, which allows you to chat with it through an interface, and visualizes the networks of each single conversation that happens. And the way ahead is we're trying to enhance it with predictive AI and create a mobile first experience using ambient recording and eventually integrate it with all platforms. We're not just digitizing contacts. We're reinventing the human connection and the concept of NETworking for the AI Age. Your contact book remembers names, ours remembers relationships. We are the team of Pranchal, Neha, Mobisir and Adil. Happy to take any questions. Thank you so much.
